Super Hyper Ultra Ultimate Deluxe Perfect Amazing Shining God 東方不敗 Master Ginga Victory Strong Cute Beautiful Galaxy Baby 無限 無敵 無双 Nenechi

>Applied to join hololive 4 times, didn't get a call back for 3 of those
>used to be called tao-rin in her hometown
>doxxed herself on her VERY FIRST tweet by showing off her distinctive artstyle
>Doxxed everyone in gen 5 by following them on twitter
>misspelled vtuber as vtuべｒ, leading it to become the #1 trend in japan
>spilled an endless amount of chow mein on her debut
>scheduled a guerilla singing stream because her monetization accidentally got enabled, leading to people calling her kanecchi
>Used to have a water cooler jug on her first few streams, taking well over 60-70+ sips of water over the course of 3 hours during her first superchat reading and didn't go to the bathroom until the last 20 minutes
>Wanted revenge on Polka for using water cooler jug on her stream, stole her hair accessory for a stream later on, leading to Polka countering it with using her hair braids as shoulder pads and giving birth to a very short-lived but legendary meme
>Lamy and Nene: Cool VS Hottie
>Claims to be good at riding unicycles, can walk on stilts and is good with the hoola hoop. Of course she can use roller skates. On a stream, after realizing she had this many skills, she messaged omaru on twitter, applying for a position in her circus while streaming.
>had a fall guys stream where 90% of it was her shouting her own name
>managed to wipe a full squad and simultaneously do only 83 damage in a single game in apex
>Went from Super Nenechi to Hyper Nenechi in just two streams, then immediately reverted back to Super Nenechi only for her to spontaneously ascend by a countless amount of tiers approximately a month and a half later
>ate alone in the toilet at school
>almost got robbed one time but kicked the dude in the balls and ran away
>thumbnails had such bad proportions they were made fun of in coco's meme review
>Sat around killing enemies mindlessly in Craftopia while everyone else did work, bringing her player level far ahead of everyone else's
>decided that the first thing to do after meeting god in craftopia was to punch him in the face
>desynced in craftopia so hard that the dungeon boss was only focusing on her and was still shooting her even after it died
>Conspired with Polka to beat up a quest giver in Craftopia, and after being scolded by Lamy, took the quest giver to the far back of the dungeon and old yeller'd them
>decided to read a full blown confession from a fan's marshmellow live
>replied to a twitter account named crap_gay thinking it was watson when holoEN debuted
>Had to do battle with a fridge because her hamster broke out of her cage and ran under the fridge
>spilled juice in her lap and couldn't stop sniffing it on stream and asked chat if they wanted to lick it
>got baited by chat to type "if you study japanese in nene, you will fail"
>referred to huke as hukeweb sensei
>got swarmed by a horde of crazy fans while performing an idol show in L4D2
>accidentally wiped her PC installing minecraft
>destroyed the entire nene production office and revealed that nenepro was a black company. According to her standards NenePro surpassed the concept of “white company”, thus becoming “gold company”
>died 16 times in under 2 hours during the first gen 5 Minecraft collab
>Was welcomed in Japanese by Iofi at her debut and replied that she does not speak much english
>Told Iofi that she liked to skip cutscenes in RPGs just after Iofi tells her that she liked RPGs
>thought "te amo" was the french term for "I love you"
>scored three (3) in Choco's academic test
>Uses steering assist in Mario Kart
>got hard carried by her fans in Mario Kart team battle against Polka
>Chanted about destruction in a tweet after accidentally committing suicide by setting off a bunch of TNT on a hill in Minecraft
>ran and jumped into bed, completely missed and ended up sleeping on the floor
>Punched people's cats in Minecraft
>Accidentally flooded gen 5's building in Minecraft
>Forgot to place torches back down after the flooding and spawned a creeper which blew up a chunk of her room
>There was one time her obscure oshi made it big and her first reaction was being frustrated because she liked having an obscure oshi.
>Accidentally put her name backwards "ƎИƎИ" on the Gen 5 building in Minecraft when shown from the outside
>After being told, she said it's supposed to be that way and updated it say "IMNENE" aka "ƎИƎИМI" from the outside
>Avoided an entire shitstorm from NND antis about janitors by skipping a Minecraft collab with the rest of her genmates because she wanted to stream Rhythm Heaven instead
>air-served not once, but TWICE during her collab with Kiara
>When given a present by Kiara, she panicked and grabbed the first thing she found to give as a present... a handful of gummybears
>Almost got robbed on her way back home but she kicked the dude in the nuts and ran away
>Unironically thought iCarly, Victorious and Hannah Montana were emotional western romantic dramas and made Kiara die of laughter when she told her, then proceeded to ask chat on a future stream for reassurance only for them to laugh as well
>iCarly was also the gateway to livestreaming and eventually lead to her becoming a vtuber
>Can pronounce "tomato juice" and "potato chips" in english perfectly but nothing else
>won all Among Us games by pure luck
>Trapped herself in a room she made as a prank for Botan
>Lost 51% of nenepro stocks to HAACHAMA of all people, becoming an underling in her own company
>Went afk in minecraft after a stream, rendering flare, luna, pekora and moona unable to sleep in the server when they played hours later 
>Went into a 3D stream as a cardboard cutout
>Married a dying cthuluian korean woman and confessed their love to each other
>Wanted to spice up her way back home from highschool and ended up walking through a sketchy alley.
>Siphoned Korone's spanish audience with a pinned message, making her their new queen
>Watched teen beach movie more than 10 times thinking it was for adults
>Sent her most schizo of stalkers into a brief frenzy with a single tweet making them think she's going to leave Hololive
>Died first twice in a row in Phasmophobia to the point where the ghost no longer even phases her
>Chose Ame (the imposter) over Mori (who she was with an had an alibi) simply because Ame was cuter
>Has collabed with Iofi at least twice as of this rendition of the pasta, and still mispelled her name as "Ioli" during the big Among Us collab
>Entered a Discord voice channel Polka was in during her solo to tell her she's in the wrong channel
>she would call an unsharpened pencil a magic wand, mix grass into water and call it a potion, write down cool anime lines to her notebook and wear a bandaid on her nose because she thought it was cool. She wanted an eyepatch too, but couldn't get it since you needed to go to an optician for one and she didn't have the money
>managed to creep out Matsuri by asking her to bottle some snot for her
>Asserted her dominance in Minecraft by slapping Polka's ass then burying her in a wall of dirt labeling it as "Polka's room" then slept with each other and went on an adventure where they got so lost they needed to hunt for food
>She had the objective of getting one (1) kill in APEX. Ended up becoming champion instead.
>co-created the phrase "5menmasai" with Polka when Subaru told her she didn't count her 4th death then died again immediately after
>Spammed Polka's twitter to the point of being blocked
>Had to wait for Ramirez for 40 minutes before starting their collab and she got so bored she peeled a whole package of string cheese (さけるチーズ) during the time she had to wait
>Shamelessly told Matsuri, Suisei and Kanata about how she wants men to click their tongues at her when they pass by
>She went to a hot stone spa and didn’t knew whether or not to take off her underwear so she resorted to peek at people who were already in there. (She was with Lamy btw)
>Bought over 10 panties at the same time during an online sale but they were too large for her. Before streaming she put one on top of her pants and posed in the mirror. Finally she decided to wear one on her head during the stream. (Hentai Kamen) 
>When she was a kid, she fell off a swing and bit the inside of her mouth. Her first thought was “I should let some blood accumulate so I can spit it out in a badass way”
>Wasn’t allowed to get a sneak peek of the other girls’ 3d even though she was insistently asking about it. Despite the other girls’ love and support, she felt lonely during the months it lasted. Her manager told her “this three months will be hard on you” so she “prepared” herself for it but it was worse than what she thought.
>Spoiled polka’s 3D date when posting her schedule for that week
>She ate snow and complained it tasted like dirt though it was freshly fallen. By the way she doesn’t suck on icicles but munches on them.
>In Mio’s 2021 haiku competition, she wrote a haiku about eating dirt-flavoured snow
>When she was the middle school archery club. She snapped two icicles that formed below the dojo floor saying 角(つの)! Then she ate them.
>Management forced her on a three-day break where she went to the hospital for a checkup. And they changed her twitter password.
>She filled a large bottle with spring water on a school trip and then drank it in one go. She got sick
>She thinks Japanese crane games are very deep
>Two weeks after spoiling polka’s 3d debut date, she spoiled lamy’s.
>She made a barrage of lewd poses and suggestions during lamy’s 3D. The chat voted who was the best “producer” out of the three and she beat shishiron and omarun by a landslide
>The day after lamy’s 3d, she started talking about it and the talk got so degenerate to a point she started saying she wanted to slurp lamy’s “water” straight from her armpit. All the while she kept retweeting screenshots from lamy’s 3d. Did I mentioned lamy was watching the stream?
>Did cameos on the ENTIRE akukin relay, showing up on everyone’s stream.
>Planted jungle trees as décor on top of Akukin HQ in such a way it looks like a huge dick. She wasn’t too shy about it.
>Is on very good terms with her family. Her dad literally blasted Blue Clapper in his car when giving her a lift last time she went home and uses "またねね" in the family line chat.
>Commented her armpit gets sweaty when seeing akasupa. Proceed to see a lot of red. Talked about sweat and odor for a while.
>After six months of her debut, she created a mascot that represents the Nekko. A carrot
>Has eaten dirt, dog food and hamster food. She has a rating from worst to best. After talking about eating all sorts of pet food she commented she wants a FLOOFY bath towel in nenenglish to what the chat interpreted she wants to eat a towel.
>Her new live2d has excellent face tracking, especially eyebrows. On the day of the big reveal she trimmed her eyebrows too much so she was stuck with a worried expression the whole stream.
>and her mama specifically put the second gap under the boob window so that she could paizuri and call the head "Momotaro".
>A fan sent her a red SC asking about whether or not they should drink from an unopened milk bottle 13 days past its expiration date. She said if she were in their shoes, she would drink it as she “Is too cool to worry about it” and “Just think about it after you drink it!!!!”
>She talks about Tao Tao Planet even though it was EXTERMINATUS.
>Watame listed NENE as a pet in a NND stream.
>In Marine’s “Holoproduction profiles” stream, about 70% of the participants listed Nenechi as a pet.
>She puts her clothes on after bath without drying herself
>After the 2nd o’riends collab, she streamed in kiara’s channel for two minutes before someone pointed it out in the chat
>For Towa-sama’s Apex Play With Viewers! Stream, she wanted to play but to not to be dishonest, chose to queue anonymously for two hours. Did not get to play
>Has a personal singing teacher and a personal dancing teacher as of march 2021
>When she was 10 years old, she had her first brush with the supernatural. It started as a bright light shining through her window, immobilizing her for about 5 minutes. Afterwards it was as if something yanked her bedsheets violently towards her feet. It kept happening and she is so used to it she is able to grab the sheets while asleep. She compared the experience to a shonen protagonist learning to live with their demon powers or something.
>Sent towawa a loveletter with her pantsu in it (a drawing). She commented they were “obviously fresh panties she took off just before taking a bath” too. Towa decided her pantsu stink
>Released an original song for her birthday. About half the lyrics are NENENENENENE. The other half is about RESTROOM TIME, SUPER NENECHI and HYPER NENECHI.
>This one is long. For her birthday, she received 30 boxes of stuff even though her manager said they were “only 8 big ones” so she spent a whole day stuffing her apartment full of boxes and barely had any time to open some of them. From what she has seen, she received 120 tissue boxes, a pacifier she will use for when she meets Ramirez, toy musical instruments; a tambourine; maracas, a drinking set of alcohol and snacks, volumes of manga; the 28th volume of DBZ where freeza loses, and a fire extinguisher [spoiler]nekkos wtf[/spoiler]
>Rushia became her pet
>Sold us on the benefits of consuming boiled water, such as sleeping well and having good bowel movement. Also said that she got a tummy ache by drinking bath water BY ACCIDENT
>In choco’s collab with rushia, nene and fubuki, they talked about their high school days. Nene had nothing happy to contribute but she was tactful enough to not to spoil the mood, so she didn’t say much. She did say her class staged coup d’état against their homeroom teacher on their senior year. What does that entails? I don’t know but they had a lot of issues graduating. It seems her graduation album didn’t get a single signature
>She was streaming minecraft once while yt was being an absolute bitch so the stream was buffering a lot and the video was spotty as hell. She decided to blow her nose with all her might without muting because the listeners wouldn’t be able to hear it. She also started to sing うんぴぴ, うんぴぴ~ and ばああか・ああああほお・どちまぬけ？？which were very cute but only kusogakis sing those…
>In her audition tape [spoiler]The five she sent[/spoiler] she said or wrote “Thank you for picking me in the first (audition) round!” All smug. She doesn’t recommend this method for job hunting, however.
>Was arrested by Oozora police under the charges of being a little shit (kusogaki)
>Her monhun character is based off Kagura from gintama during the monkey hunter arc. After playing she said the resulting character looks a lot like her dad
>After 6 hours of dance practice she went straight to a nepolabo collab without showering. She complained about the smell in her room numerous times and initially blamed her dancing shoes. However, much to the dismay of the other girls, she realized that the smell emanated from herself. Her final words before ending the stream were, ねねは臭くないよ！！！！
>She recieved negative feedback after the release of her ussewa cover and on the stream after the release her answer to the unsupportive comment was うっせえわ！！！！
>used to keep beetles (Chalcosoma caucasus and an Atlas beetle) and has hatched an Atlas beetle from an egg so she has a soft spot for them (part of why she gravitated to Insect Glaive
>Was once arrested at the airport because she greeted her cousin Jack. All she said was “Hi jack!!!!”
>She has a physical minecraft magazine to guide her in her minecraft castle creation. While streaming it is easy to notice her model facing down because that’s when she looks at the magazine that is resting on her lap
>When working fulltime she suffered from burnout to the extent she couldn't sleep in the night thinking about being prepared for the next day and lost her appetite to the point of only drinking milk and having small candies for lunch. Her boss had to tell her to take a break because her burnout was visible. She learned the value of having consistent breaks from work and so should you.
>For her 3d, she got herself a brand new pair of panties which she thought were the cutest. For no particular reason, Lamy saw her almost naked wearing only the aforementioned underwear to which she reprimanded Nene for wearing lame panties “They were so big and loose fitting!!” she said on a zatsudan afterwards. On a lunch stream, Nene defended herself saying that tight-fitting panties would ride up and impede her perform her best on stage. [spoiler]R&D informs us a design like https://files.catbox.moe/visalx.jpg is the closest to what was described but our japanese main branch refuses to acknowledge them[/spoiler]
> Reserved for her 3debut
>After her 3d debut some japanese nekkos had a youtube livestream to discuss the 3d and nene showed up in the chat box asking “そのスクショくｄさい” and “いつも切り抜きありがとうございます！” and of course her fans lost their shit and cried a little. Maybe shit and cum as well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUMVsQ00spI&t=4937s 
>Wishes to be Ninomae Ina’nis camerawoman for her 3d debut
>Became so good at running in middle school that she was made the class representative at a relay race (the reason for becoming good at running was thinking she could master shunpo from Bleach)
>She went back to Taotaoplanet for a family visit and got bitten by something while looking for frogs on a river, but it took her a couple of days to realize what happened as she only noticed her feet got swollen and painful during a recent dance lesson.
>When nene was playing phasmaphobia with kiara, someone brute forced his way into the lobby just to say “just forrr you, nenechi” in the thickest spanish accent ever, before being promptly kicked by nenechi. You will always be remembered, spic nekko. After the girls relaxed and began their second round, they realized the nekko bought them a ton of stuff.
>called sora for her birthday countdown and tried to be cool when saying goodbye only to lose her chow mein in the end and repeat "have a nice day/farewell!!!" over and over
>achieved a score of 30 on a japanese prefrecture geography game while drinking [please quote how much] [please quote what]
>she had a dance five hour long lesson the same day she did the karaoke where she announced the VARK live feat polka. She didn't take a shower before doing the stream
>Is part of the cast for a yandere horror themed visual novel. Her character will be named ねねね. https://enoshima210.work/2021/06/05/mfa/
>Nene uses light mode.
>In a magamaga Minecraft drinking stream, they discussed when they went on a spa trip together. Nene said that since she does hair removal, she wanted to show it off how well trimmed it was to Lamy. She then had to endure Lamy's attacks and screams while saying she had done nothing wrong. Following up by saying that in highschool the girls would show each other what they did including one who made a star shape
